Document clearCachedGlobals suggest command (#8739)
Microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/terminal/shell-integration.md

The suggest control can show extra details about the suggestion. You can toggle the visibility of these details with `kb(workbench.action.terminal.suggestToggleDetails)`. Screen reader users can focus the details control with `kb(workbench.action.terminal.suggestToggleDetailsFocus)` to hear them read out.

### Global completion caching

> In order to improve performance, globals for a particular shell are aggressively cached and require manual refreshing via the `terminal.integrated.suggest.clearCachedGlobals` command. You should run this after making changes to your shell startup logic that adds commands if they weren't picked up automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve performance, VS Code aggressively caches globals for a particular shell. When you make changes to shell startup logic that adds commands, manually refresh the cache with the **Terminal: Clear Suggest Cached Globals** command (`terminal.integrated.suggest.clearCachedGlobals`) if they weren't picked up automatically.
```
